Fix docs (#3160)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/overview/concepts/indexing.md

Quickwit ingests JSON records and refers to them as "documents" or "docs". Each document must be a JSON object. When ingesting files, documents must be separated by a newline.

> As of version 0.2, Quickwit does not support file formats such as `Avro` or `CSV`. Compression formats such as `bzip2` or `gzip` are also not supported.

Author: As a user what I understand with `As of version 0.2,`  is that it was previously supported and has been removed or changed.

Quickwit does not yet support file formats such as `Avro` or `CSV`. Compression formats such as `bzip2` or `gzip` are also not supported yet.

## Data model

> As of version 0.2, Quickwit only supports indexes with a fixed schema. The "document mapping" of an index, also commonly called "doc mapping", is a list of field names and types that declares the schema of an index. Additionally, a doc mapping specifies how documents are indexed (tokenizers) and stored (column- vs. row-oriented).

Author: ditto

> So far, Quickwit only supports indexes with a fixed schema. The "document mapping" of an index, also commonly called "doc mapping", is a list of field names and types that declares the schema of an index. Additionally, a doc mapping specifies how documents are indexed (tokenizers) and stored (column-oriented vs. row-oriented).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quickwit supports both schemaless indexes and fixed schemas. The "document mapping" of an index, also commonly called "doc mapping", is a list of field names and types that declares the schema of an index. For a schemaless or mixed fixed schema and schemaless indexing, follow our [guide on schemaless indexing](../../guides/schemaless.md). Additionally, a doc mapping specifies how documents are indexed (tokenizers) and stored (column-oriented vs. row-oriented).
```
